---
layout: post
title:  "Empire State of Mind"
date:   2024-10-24
categories: blog
---

Concrete jungle where dreams are made of, there is nothing you can't do!!. Only if I had a dollar every time I sung this line during my recent visit to the Big Apple. Growing up in India I practically witnessed how karan johar planted the seeds of New York City dreams in minds of every young indian through his movies. But nonethless my love for NYC was instilled the day my mom dragged my uninterested ass to watch this new movie of Sridevi "English Vinglish". I may not have understood the real plot of the movie thanks to my immature self. But I instantly fell in love with the city. I still believe that movie to be the best representation of NYC, bollywood could ever pull. The grid layout , the endless tall buildings were an instant eye catcher and I could not stop dreaming of visiting this city one day. 
For last 12 odd years I have consumed myraid of content about NYC, be it Scorceses films, bourdains shows, endless tv shows(Brooklyn 99 being one of my favs) and scores of youtube videos of the famous iconic foodcarts this city offers. 
I remember sitting in my friend's apartment in Viman Nagar, Pune during my India visit this summer when bahadkar said "Apan sagle aata US madhe ashnar, NYC madhe meetup karuya", translation "After all these years all of us will be in the US, so lets to a meetup in NYC". Regardless of all the things that had transpired in the last 7-8 years and having moved on from it, I couldn't help but feel happy about the prospect of meeting the first friends I made at COEP in the city of my dreams, NYC!!. The prospects strenghtened when Akshay and Jash said the same thing when I flew back to Boston in July.

12th October was the date finalized after everyone's consensus and I was all set. I even booked flight tickets because I got cheap ones from Spirit Airlnes. In my defence this was the first time I was flying domestic in the US and I was not aware of the "reputation" Spirit Airlines held in the domestic airspace of the US. Long story short, my flight got delayed by 2.5 hours. My naive self even paid an additional 18$ just for the window seat only to see that the window was all blurred out and I could not see anything clearly. Once in Newark, I had to get myself all the way to journal square where we had booked a hotel. After checking in and meeting everyone we got freshened and left for "The Edge". I was curious to see why exactly does some observatory charge people 56$ just for a view. Boy I have never felt better to be proven wrong. Once we entered Hudson Yards complex and were at the top it started to make sense why the tickets costed 56$. Moreover we had booked the tickets for sunset view which was just cherry on the top. 
After spending 2.5+ hours in the top sipping on cold ice coney island IPA and clicking what I can assume is more than 200 photos of the breathtaking views of Manhattan NYC we started our descent and moved towards the next stop which was the Highline. The IPA made me tipsy enough to create a stimulating experience of NYC skyline. I vaguely remember someone making fun of our hotel lift by saying that the we reach top of the edge faster than the hotel lift reaches 3rd floor. 

After aimlessly walking on the highline we reached our dinner spot which was Artichoke Basicllis which was according to me an overhyped pizza. It was humoungous and I did not like the taste at all. 
Finally the fatigue kicked in and we realized that there is no way anyone of us can actually walk to 33rd Street and take the Path to Journal Square in Jersey. Luckily we used our lyft coupons and booked a decent cab to the Hotel.